---
layout: post
title: Questions and answers
description: 
---
This post is written in the style of Akutagawa Ryūnosuke's 闇中問答 (secret questions and answers/questions and answers in darkness).

The author wishes that they will never write a post in the style of 或阿呆の一生 (A fool's life).

Warnings:
* Reading this post can cause potential distress.
* This post is purely a form of reasoning and analysis of a person who has been in an abnormal mental status for over 10 years.
* This post has nothing to do with its author's work in computer science.

End of Warnings.

Q: Why do you hate yourself?
* A: Because I am a failure.

Q: Can you define failure?
* A: Living a life which is full of pain, suffering and betrayal.

Q: Can you define success?
* A: Living a life with strong beliefs, desires and no regrets.

Q: So, they are not contradictory?
* A: No they are not. I used to have no regrets, but it is no longer the case.

Q: What do you regret?
* A: I should have never dealt with a person whom I do not trust. And there is one person whom I should not have trusted.

Q: Why did you hang around **A**, whom you did not trust, till the point that you were about to be killed by **A**?
* A: Because everything was changing, the pandamic made everything unpredictable. **A** was the only parameter unchanged, although being repulsive, but still functioned as an anchor of that period of time.

Statement: You are stupid.
* Response: Yes I am.

Q: What about **B**? **B** never said anything positive about any collaborator; **B** always indicates that their collaborators being bothersome and incompetent; **B** is a liar; **B** would always try to rephrase as much content you have written as possible, by doing so completely removes your thinking, ideas and authorship of the paper. Why did you even trust and tolerate **B**?
* A: I thought a person who was capable of creating some form of beauty would be at the same level of the beauty that they have created, like the saying 文如其人 (your article is like you). I guess that I have been really wrong. I had chosen to stay in that terrible situation, because I knew it was terrible and I knew what were terrible. It was horrible, but the horror was known. My subconscious tend to choose things that are known – even if they are terrible – over things that are unknown – even if they may be nice and positive.

Q: Why did you believe **B**, and believe that you are an incompetent person?
* A: I hate myself, naturally it is easier to believe negative comments towards me being true.

Statement: But there are people who like you.
* Response: What is wrong with them? I do not understand.

Statement: You are pathetic.
* Response: Yes I am.

Q: Do you think it is your fault?
* A: Yes, I do. I know I should not. But I do feel it is my fault. However, even if it is my fault, I do not deserve this punishment. I might not be a perfect victim, but I am the victim.

Q: Do you hate them?
* A: Yes. I do. I hate them. I used to think hatred is something as strong as its opposite element: love. Since I do not understand love, I do not understand hatred. But now I think that I understand hatred, although I still have no idea about love. They are not two sides of a coin anyways. I hate these people, because they ruined my life. And hatred is a thought: I wish them to suffer from the same level of pain that I am experiencing.

Q: Why do you feel painful?
* A: It is my nature. Pain is the only thing I have in my life. If I can feel anything, it will be the pain. People hurt me, and I do not understand why.

Statement: People say that you are strong.
* Response: No I am not. I do not want any of these things to happen to me in the first place. I do not want to be strong, and I am not supposed to be strong.

Q: It has been manageable for years, why are you suddenly feeling such impactful pain?
* A: Well, there was someone dead. And the death has been announce by just one email. But I felt as if I was the one who experienced the death. My death does not matter to anyone. I am in solitude. Because of this event, I finally feel that I have experienced these incidences in a first person perspective, after years and years reporting to police, admins, people who asked, therapists etc. etc. as an observer. These things are real, they really happened, to me. This is the reality. Undeniable. Unchangeable.

Q: Why are you in solitude?
* A: People cannot understand if they have not experienced these things. I am in the hell. If there is anyone who can understand, then that person must also be in the hell.

Statement: You are exaggerating, it cannot be that painful.
* Response: But it is how I feel, and my feelings are real.

Q: Why are you still alive?
* A: It's the animalistic nature. I just cannot end myself. I do constantly stare at the end point. There is nothing, no coming back, like an abyss. The nature of *NOTHING* is really scary. I do not want to die. Being alive is never a pretty thing. It's full of hurt, blood, disgusting encounters etc. etc. There is no pride, dignity or beauty in being alive. Nevertheless, I still beg myself and people who tried to kill me to allow me to be alive. I don't want to die, no matter how much my consciousness wants to end the suffering, I don't want to die.

Q: Why are you so destroyed by these events? Before these things, you had been hurt, targeted and repelled, but you were fine.
* A: I had been hurt by terrible people in the past, while I was fully aware that they were disgusting human beings. But these two people are different. They are capable of writing honest articles. They seem to be sincere. I used to think if someone is capable of honest reasoning, if someone is capable of creation of beauty, then this person must be at the same level of their expressions. But it is not the case. People who seek for the truth can be nasty liars. People who express love can be murderers. I feel that I cannot trust any people and anything written by people anymore. My beliefs are all destroyed. To express in Chinese: 就算我读尽汉和东西千年的文字也不过是一纸荒谬。

Q: Have you observed the contradiction in your answers? You are fully aware of how nasty it is of the *being alive* itself, yet, you cannot accept that the foundation of human's reasoning framework is just a nasty lie.
* A: I guess I understand now. All the proofs I have written are just some kind of justification of my own thoughts.